listen I don't know what it is with
limited releases this movie was only
allowed to be played in theaters for
three days for some reason as if the
film reel had to take days off or
something breath stop acting like a door
well this movie ended up being one of
the oscar-nominated animated features
and since I caught it back in the Sun
Bret is run down Jersey theater I figure
I'd break it down before the big
ceremony plus I said I'd do more enemies
let me explain now I was kind of
surprised that only six anime films have
ever been nominated at the Oscars with
only one winning especially because a
lot of people really liked your name
last year and instead they gave that
spots of the boss baby and then decided
to make an American live-action version
with Marc Webb we're at Chicago Kate
goes inside a Native American girl yeah
there will definitely not be problems
with this one when where I is also the
first non Ghibli anime film to get
nominated so it's clear that this movie
is a big deal if only they let people
see it so the story revolves around this
kid named kun who somehow found a way to
be more annoying than to do the Rory kid
rhyme he has a brand-new little sister
who's named Mirai which means future but
this kid wants to smash her so hard with
his present so he can ensure that she
doesn't have one obviously his parents
spoiled him with everything so when a
little sister comes around he gets more
jealous and what he did with buzz but
then you realize that the fantastical
elements that the movies going to show
you are all a part of the kids
imagination like he goes outside and
ends up meeting this man who claims to
be the Prince of the house yet walking
around with a tail and for whatever
reason the kid snatches the dudes tail
like a furry and sticks it up his cuz
anime like I said it turns out that it's
just his imagination of his dog who at
one point was the prince of the house
and was getting all of the attention
before this kid showed up and so the
movie becomes a series of interactions
in order to help this kid realize that
he shouldn't be Sid when he grows up at
one point an older Mirai appears who
sets him on a quest to put away the
dolls that they have since that
tradition determines whether Mirai will
get married sooner or not there's the
flashbacks with the parents which I find
funny cuz these parents throughout the
whole movie are so confused as to why
their kid is a little brat while they're
sporting the can I speak to the manager
cut like forget the fact that Toys R Us
went out of business because they bought
this kid everything in spoiled into
death just look at how annoying his mama
was as a kid the boy has another
flashback thingy where he in
interact with his mom at his age and
they just booked an entire shelf there
snorting candy like they want to die
young they wrecked this place so bad a
burglar would have been like chill and
it just adds to the idea of cycles and
how this boy is carrying the same energy
that his mom had at his age
well somebody see it as parallels man
would I have gotten a whoopin so hard I
would have gone down to waist sizes like
this kid throws a toy tantrum that peed
me so bad in this movie like I would
have called DCFS just to have more hands
to help me whoop this kid with I mean
just look at how this kid walks walking
like he has a street named after him
walking like he just mansplain the
definition of life to someone why can't
he just corrected el-amin not knowing it
was bait whoo and that has this big
existential crisis as a four-year-old
where he comes to terms that he's not
cute anymore and that that's why he's
not getting the same attention from his
parents as he was before and he's
absolutely right brah I didn't even
realize how much this kid annoyed me
until I was recording this video which I
guess just shows you how effective the
writing is you know the lesson being to
make sure your kid doesn't grow up to be
a okay I'm not gonna transition we then
get the flashback dealing with the dad
which was pretty cool because it's not
even the dad but it's a younger version
of his grandfather who served in the war
and flew planes personally this was my
favorite one because not only gave the
kid a glimpse into a different time
period right where he had someone who
wasn't as spoiled as he was but also
gave him the confidence to take off his
training wheels and pop wheelies like
meek with his boys until he dives into
his first and final flash-forward his
last interaction ends up being with a
future version of himself whoo I guess
he ends up becoming Billie Joe Armstrong
but he's walking through this train
station and literally goes to the lost
and found
where they hit this five-year-old with
you've lost your life
poor kid doesn't know his ABCs from his
one two 3s and he's about to go on this
journey of self-discovery now I'm not
even gonna lie this ending bit gets
really interesting
we completely break down all rules
dealing with time and space as an older
mirai takes younger from this
alternate timeline and enters that
bookcase from interstellar pretty much
it's their index involving their entire
family that they can tap into a virtual
ancestry.com if you will and it's trippy
he gets extra glimpses of the most
pivotal moments in his family's life you
know things that altered their lives
forever and realizes that he isn't the
first to face these problems that he's
going through
it's just his turn like he realizes this
annoying baby will grow up to be his
close friend when he's older that this
dog also had to leave his family in
order to become their pet that his mom
isn't just being a dictator but was
actually just like him at his age and of
course that he's crying about training
wheels while his granddad didn't even
have a lack you didn't even see the
parents have the same epiphanies as they
realized that they're also not alone as
they're taking on these new challenges
and as for kun realizes that there's
more to it than just having a new baby
sister
that there's a whole family looking out
for their future as well thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section like I said we're
covered genlock which is an anime more
an American based anime you can check
out that video here but I do want to
cover a bunch more this one being
nominated for the Oscars obviously you
know came up for me but I actually liked
them more the second time around as we
were editing the thing I really liked
the ending to it even if the beginning
like I said is one of the most annoying
kids in a movie that I have seen oh my
goodness he's like up there with the
prodigy but here's to know what other
animes you guys want us to do I know my
hero academia full metal alchemist or
ones that get brought up to us a lot we
do have a Dragonball Z one who some
people consider that anime and some
people don't want to put the Broly one
will be doing a video on that but if
there any others let me know down below
in the comment section let me know your
thoughts about this movie what you think
should win the Best Animated category at
the Oscars if it even matters
all of that down below don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or you'll get
spirited away